* Academic Statement

Write a statement that answers the following questions (the length of this statement should range from 500 to 1,000 words maximum). Please take note of any additional instructions from your program listed on the Page 3 (Program Information):
What are your academic interests, and why do you wish to pursue graduate studies in this specific program?
How has your academic and professional background prepared you for graduate study? (Please include any research, training, or educational experiences that align with the program you are applying to.)
Why is the Northwestern graduate program to which you are applying the best place for you to pursue your academic, intellectual, and professional goals?  
(For research-focused programs) Please make sure to address any scholarly questions you wish to explore in the program and name any specific faculty members in this program whose research interests align with your own.
Accepted File Types: txt, pdf, rtf, doc, docx
未选择任何文件
* Personal Statement

Note: The Personal Statement should not duplicate the Academic Statement.  
 
Write a statement that includes any relevant information on one or more of the following topics (the length of this statement should range from 125 to 250 words maximum):
Pivotal experiences, opportunities, and/or challenges that have influenced your educational and professional development.
Leadership experiences, community outreach, service initiatives, or research projects you have participated in or plan to pursue that aim to positively impact others or the broader community.
Anything you would like to share with the admissions committee that you have yet to discuss in other areas of the application can be addressed here. This may include any gaps in your academic and professional experience, or additional context if you believe your academic record does not demonstrate your true capabilities. If needed, you may also use this space to expand upon the topics discussed in the above essays.